The crystal frequency must be at least 1 MHz, and must be twice the desired internal clock frequency; 
hence, the 8085AH is operated with a 6 MHz crystal (for 3 MHz clock), the 8085AH-2 operated with a 10 MHz crystal (for 5 MHz clock), and the 8085AH-1 can be operated with a 12 MHz crystal (for 6 MHz clock).
If a crystal is used, it must have the following characteristics: 
Parallel resonance at twice the clock frequency desired C, (load capacitance) < 30 pF
Cg (Shunt capacitance) < 7 pF
Rg (equivalent shunt resistance) < 759
Drive level: 10 mW 
Frequency tolerance: + 0.005% (suggested) 
Note the use of the 20 pF capacitor between Xo and ground. 
This capacitor is required with crystal frequencies below 4 MHz to assure oscillator startup at the correct frequency.
A parallel-resonant LC citcuit may be used as the frequency-determining network for the 8085AH, providing that its frequency tolerance of approximately +10% is acceptable.
 
To minimize variations in frequency, it is recommended that you choose a value for Co, that is at least twice that of Cin, or 30 pF.
The use of an LC circuit is not recommended for frequencies higher than approximately 5 MHz. 
An RC circuit may be used as the frequency-determining network for the 8085AH if maintaining a precise clock frequency is of no importance. 
Variations in the on-chip timing generation can cause a wide variation in frequency when using the RC mode.
Its advantage is its low component cost.
The driving frequency generated by the circuit shown is approximately 3 MHz.
It is not recommended that frequencies greatly higher or lower than this be attempted.
the recommended clock driver circuits.
Note in d and e that pullup resistors are required to assure that the high level voltage of the input is at least 4V and maximum low level voltage of 0.8V. 
For driving frequencies up to and including 6 MHz you may supply the driving signal to X; and leave Xp open-circuited (Figure 5d). 
If the driving frequency is from 6 MHz to 12 MHz, stability of the clock generator will be improved by driving both X; and Xp with a push-pull source (Figure 5e). 
To prevent self-oscillation of the 8085AH, be sure that Xp is not coupled back to X, through the driving circuit.
